Hi and welcome to this course, Maya for beginners animation.
This is the fourth in a series of courses I'm teaching about Maya.
You are totally welcome to start with this course.
You'll have all the scene files you'll need to follow along.
My name is Lucas Ridley and I've been a professional animator
for over eight years, animating characters like the hog riders
in Clash of Clans to all different types of Lego characters
to feature films like Michael Bay's Transformers,
Steven Spielberg's Ready Player One, and the most recent
Avengers Infinity War. This is the kind of experience
you're going to be learning from in this course on animation.
This course has over four hours of training in animation,
so by the end of it, you're going to have a really good grasp
of how to animate, especially inside of Autodesk Maya.
There's many principles we're going to cover in animation
that would apply to any software. We're going to use
the industry standard Autodesk Maya that I've used
at every studio I've ever worked at.
This course is going to be broken up into four different
exercises that will get progressively more complex.
I hope you'll join me in this course and learn animation
and Autodesk Maya. Thanks for watching.
Maya is a software created by Autodesk. You can go
to autodesk.com/free-trials to get a free trial of Maya.
If you're a student and you can prove that through
their criteria, you can get a full version of Maya
for one year for free. The next best option is the Indie license,
which you can get at makeanything.autodesk.com/maya-indie.
The Indie license is celebrated by the Maya community
because it is so much cheaper than other licenses.
Maya Indie has no restrictions except for how much money
you can make. It's roughly $250 per year for a full
version of Maya with no lack of features.
and get started with the first lesson. See you soon.